Earth Style: Mud Wall!
Lightning Blade!
What was that?!
Kakashi Hatake the Copy Ninja...
I'm honored to meet you.
Where is the Nine-Tails?
That...is a silly question.
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here - unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, I run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
Pain vs. Kakashi
Over there!
Pa!
I'm coming too!
Let's go!
What was that jutsu just now?
It felt different from a shock wave...
Everything around him was blasted away,
with him as the epicenter.
Then...
How will you counter this?
Not just physical attacks...
He can repel Ninjutsu as well?!
Impressive.
Now then, how should I...?
Another one?
You're mine!
This guy... He was facing directly ahead, yet...
I see...
They're eyes are linked!
Their field of vision is connected and shared.
When you face Pain, you must only fight them one-on-one.
Remember this well.
Each of them can use only one type of skill.
Deducing those skills will be crucial.
Lord Jiraiya took on six of them at once?!
I must say... That's crazy...
I get it! That's his ability!
Pain...
I have no chance if I fight them alone.
I must call for reinforcements,
and let them know what this one's ability is!
I have to do as much as my body can handle!
Damn...
A Lightning Style Shadow Clone!
One down...
Kakashi?
Actually, I was all set too.
But this will help me preserve some chakra.
Thank you.
Are you all right?
Yes... Well... I'll manage.
A Trap Shadow Clone...
He had already planted it back then.
Until he can confirm an opponent's abilities,
Kakashi always uses Substitute and Shadow Clone Jutsu.
Hasn't changed since the last time we teamed up.
Skilled as always.
Which means...
Do you have enough chakra?
I've already used my Lightning Style Shadow Clone
and exhausted over half my chakra.
To be honest, a drawn-out battle against a formidable opponent like him
is going to be difficult for me.
However, I've figured out a little of his abilities.
Pa, he's coming!
Almighty Push...
There!
That's...
What did he just do?
He repelled all our attacks.
Using himself as the epicenter,
his jutsu allows him to pull in or push objects away.
Similar to the magnetic laws of attraction and repulsion...
However, it seems he cannot utilize that jutsu consecutively.
I know for certain that there is an interval of time
before he can activate the next jutsu.
Everyone else has been taken down!
If he can repel all attacks, how do we defeat him?
The interval between jutsu seems short too.
We can't get close.
However, that's our only chance.
I have an idea.
And I need your help.
You move quite well...
And you have a wide range of jutsu.
People like you need to be killed,
or you may pose a problem later.
Now!
- Double... - Human... - Boulder! - Boulder!
Too slow...
Kakashi Hatake!
He planted this chain underground before attacking from below!
Lightning Blade!
Go, Kakashi Sensei!
Finish him, Kakashi!
The other Pain! He could still move?!
Make it in time!
Your inability to move... doesn't seem faked.
I didn't make it...
I know that you're not a Shadow Clone.
I shall make certain of your death...
It's over.
But just to be safe... I will not approach you.
Humph... Know pain.
The damage is devastating...
No...
Everyone, let us hurry!
- Yes! - Let us hurry. Let us hurry.
Now, hurry.
Pa...
Kakashi Sensei!
I'm done with first-aid treatment.
Please finish with the splint.
Right... Sakura!
One more wounded! Hurry!
All right.
Please lay him down there.
Pa...
You tried to protect me...
Save the crying for later...Choji...
If...you are able to move...
report to Lady Tsunade about Pain's abilities.
A counter strategy is imperative!
K-Kakashi...Sensei?
Reflect later!
You must...hurry!
Run!
But... I... I...
Don't let Choza's sacrifice be in vain!
Persistent fellows, aren't you?
Damn it... He's still...!
He's after Choji!
Pa...!
Pa... Thank you for everything you've done.
Just you watch!
Run! Choji!
I daresay with the chakra I have left
it's impossible to destroy his entire body.
And...if I use it one more time,
I'll exhaust all my stamina and chakra.
My life will be...
To entrust this piece of information to those who still live.
This is the best method I have right now to save the Hidden Leaf!
I get it...
So...he also...got by... with that Ocular Jutsu...
Well...it seems this is it for me, too.
Obito... Rin...
Whatever the village may say...
You are a great jonin.
I'm about to die...
But...I'll become your eyes and see the future for you.
Take care of Rin...
Obito...
Seems this is as far as it goes...
for me to see the future as your eyes.
I wasn't able to protect Rin...
I keep breaking my promises to you.
Forgive me.
Obito... Rin... Sensei...
I'll...be joining you now.
Is that you, Kakashi?
So this is where you were...
Will you tell me your story?
Sure... It's a really long story, so I want to take my time.
Yeah...that's fine.
Well... Father...
Is something wrong?
Lady Tsunade!
U-Um...
Katsuyu has already attached herself
to most of the people of the village.
Sorry. Let us continue...
Lady Tsunade!
We cracked the ability of one of our enemies!
Tell me.
He is male. Between 25-30 years of age.
Distinguishing marks are piercings,
six in his nose and seven in his ears.
His ability is a jutsu that
simulates magnetic attraction and repulsion.
He can attract targeted objects to himself.
And he can repel every ninjutsu attack.
Repel?! All of them?
Yes! However, once he uses either jutsu,
there is a five-second interval.
Five seconds... That's all?
You did well to report this!
Our sacrifices will lessen considerably.
Pass on this information to everyone via Katsuyu!
- Yes, ma'am! - Yes, ma'am!
Team Choza provided back-up for Kakashi Sensei
against two of the enemies...
It is believed everyone except myself perished.
Go back to Choza!
Take him to the hospital immediately!
He can still be saved.
Huh?!
Then...Pa is... Yes...
Thank goodness! I'm so glad!
Kakashi... What about Kakashi Sensei?!
Just hurry, Choji...
I was told each Pain could only use one skill.
Then it's strange...
Lord Jiraiya defeated the Pain who can use Summoning Jutsu.
I saw her when reading through the Hidden Rain ninja's mind...
But what's going on?! She was clearly a corpse!
Inoichi... Please tell me more in detail.
We will uncover his mystery together!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Mystery of Pain"
Tune in again!